# Project Nightshade: Advancements To The Onion Router (TOR) Network Through Use of Ring Signatures, Verifiable Random Functions, and other Cryptographic Primitives.

## Introduction

**Project Nightshade** is a Novel, Decentralized Approach to the Deepweb/Darkweb that works through the use of many cryptographic primitives and advancements in cryptography. The purpose of Project Nightshade is to make a more reliable, secure, private, and anonymous internet that works through the use of new advances. It is in-depth and has many use cases but requires quite a large amount of work to be done to research better ways of accessing the web anonymously. We make contributions to other projects, such as the Tor Network (in this case), and suggest better alternatives.

**Nightshade** is its own project, seperate from The Onion Router, meant to advance research on decentralization and anonymity through use of new technologies.

---

## Methodology 1: The Onion Router Node Conformity Through Ring Signatures and Verifiable Random Functions

### Introduction To The Onion Router

**The Onion Router (TOR)** serves as an online network that encrypts traffic and anonymizes the traffic through the use of:

1. Gateway Nodes
2. Relay Nodes
3. Exit Nodes

The Onion Router works by encrypting traffic through each relay, starting from the **client** to the **gateway**, which is encrypted to the **next**, and the **next**, until it finally reaches its **destination**. The basic assumption is that because there are so many Hidden Services, it would be difficult to determine which address is being sent to except for the exit relay. Even so, the data is still encrypted until it reaches its destination.

Each address uses a `.onion` url which is just the fingerprint of a public key (in simple terms). This verifies the **public key** of the hidden service.

---

**Gateway Nodes** and **Exit Nodes** offer disadvantages as opposed to this proposed system.

**Gateway Nodes** can be analyzed by ISPs and other entities giving off a tip that the client is connecting to the TOR Network. This is usually remedied through bridges.

**Exit Nodes**, on the other hand, are more dangerous. They contact the destination directly that is being sent to and there have been instances of exit nodes getting into trouble for contacting destinations. In other words, it relies on the assumption that there is enough hidden services to not identify where the traffic is going to.

## The Onion Router (Ring Extension): Ring Signatures and Verifable Random Functions

[Monero - Ring Signature](https://www.getmonero.org/resources/moneropedia/ringsignatures.html)

The proposed extension is labeled **The Onion Router (Ring Signatures For Node Anonymity)**.

It includes an **alternative way** of connecting nodes. In this system, we would like all nodes to be the **same type**. This makes it easier for users to blend in as they do not have to be gateway or exit nodes (where exit nodes are often harrased).

We then connect nodes by means of **ring signatures**, where no one can determine who signed what. This provides anonymity.
